Fix readme (#9)
greenelab/covid19-review: README.md

We hope to contextualize elements of this virus and infectious disease with respect to better understood viruses and diseases (e.g., to identify shared mechanisms). 
This repository is also a living document that aims to consolidate and integrate helpful information about diagnostics and therapeutics that is circulating in decentralized spaces (e.g., Twitter threads) into a more permanent and unified format.

## Contributions
At present, there are three ways to contribute:
1. If you know of information, especially a peer-reviewed or pre-print article, that you want to see incorporated, please [create a New Paper issue](issues/new?assignees=&labels=New+Paper&template=new-paper-template.md&title=New+Paper%3A+%5BTitle%5D) to let us know about it. 
(You'll need to make a free [GitHub account](https://github.com/join?source=header-home)).
2. If you have experience reading scientific literature, you can propose additions to the text through pull requests (see below). 
Pull requests that address an open issue are particularly appreciated.
3. Let others know about this effort so that they can contribute!

> The [ICMJE Guidelines](http://www.icmje.org/recommendations/browse/roles-and-responsibilities/defining-the-role-of-authors-and-contributors.html) will be followed for determining authorship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will follow the [ICMJE Guidelines](http://www.icmje.org/recommendations/browse/roles-and-responsibilities/defining-the-role-of-authors-and-contributors.html) for determining authorship.
```
